hello friends if you focus on today's topic is
the functioning of the bodies of
valves
The valves or slide bodies are
hydraulic controllers are part of the
hydraulic transmission system
automatic the functions that are going to
play depend on the design of each
manufacturer the functions they perform
they develop them together from the module
control of the transmission and a
set of solenoid valves or on noi
They have two types of components
accommodation blocks
it can be formed by a single block
of accommodation or several divided into
sections
in the block are contained
distributed the valve assembly with
which the controller will work
valves are housed in slides
which may have a diameter or diameters
staggered according to the design of the
valve
tapas caps are missing blocks of
valves and have different cuts in
labyrinth shape have also
some cuts that take you to the
sump
the labyrinths of the lid form the
hydraulic circuits that serve to
communicating the valves that are
they are located in different
positions plates the circuitry of the
blocks of the valve body and the
tapas is uncovered so they remain
sealed and function as ducts
They are using the transfer plates
which serve binding between
different blocks also joining with the
transmission
They use different types of holes
some are calibrated to control the
volume of liquid flow
valves
the valves are cylindrical bars with
different cuts the cylinders of the
valves can have the diameters of
the same measure or be
staggered
the valves are formed by two
Blog or face elements
port or valley
Blogs divide the channels
hydraulics block the circuits of
food or the discharges make
the valve a hydraulic switch
the internal cuts of the valve
allow liquid flow two
different channels to drive it if
some item or download some
component
cjex these valves can have
different ways the simplest are
small spheres or pellets that can
be made of steel or plastic
others can be a disc which can
have a hole in the center and some
do not get to this hole
there are also other more sophisticated
Composed of two covers and a spring
there are also others of forms indicates and
aided by a spring which must
be a soft dock
The main function of the check is
allow the flow of liquid in a single
sense and block it when this change
of direction another function
is to control the output of the liquid in the
moment of the transition in which
feed a component
and packaging are used different
gaskets to seal the ducts
hydraulic these packages can be
paper or gaskets gaskets
round or cylindrical planes or plates
with vulcanized strips
filters the valve body is
Equipped with some filters can be
flat or cylindrical the material from which
They are commonly made of plastic
They are used to protect valves
that work with very tolerances
narrow also to protect the
electro valves or solenoids
springs springs are components
very important for the control of
valves there are different types and
measures some springs are very hard and
are used to work with
pressure regulating valves
plugs these components are used
at the ends of the bodies of
valves serve to limit the
movement of the valve and will help
to form a pressure chamber which
will affect the control of the
valve
insurance these components are used
to sustain and prevent the
valves and springs of the
sliding
circuits the block and the caps have
some cuts which form
cavities long channels short channels
in the form of labyrinths wells holes
cuts with crankcase bypass all is
part of the spaces where
will lodge the fluid to drive it towards
the valves
and the hydraulic circuits are going to
classify according to the function that
plays
control circuits at the ends of
the valves were applied a pressure
to place it in a position that
position will change when the pressure is removed
power circuits the circuit
food can be found in a
cavity or in a channel
with sweet line pressure to be
used when applying a component can
be in a waiting state or in
active state
main circuit the main circuit
It can be formed by several channels
conducts a feeding circuit
towards some component
this can be a clutch a band or
The converter ventilation circuits
or download
this circuit can be a cavity or a
channel that will lead to a circuit
Main to the carter